updated themes page (#635)
mintlify/docs: themes.mdx

## Configuration

> You can configure the theme in the `docs.json` file by referencing the theme name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the theme in the `docs.json` file by setting the `theme` property.
```

There are a variety of themes to choose from.

> Each theme has its own unique set of component placements and styles.

Reviewer: i feel like this could be misleading because we typically use the word "component" for the components listed [here](https://mintlify.com/docs/content/components/accordions) and they are shared across all themes.

Reviewer: maybe the word "layout" is better?
